Of course you are
Don't speak directly
We have to fight
I'm going to melt if I don't eat ice cream anymore
Why do you ask my sister silently?
I have a friend
There used to be a woman who took the initiative towards him
But now suddenly ignore people
What's going on here?
Why are you disappointed with you?
I'm disappointed.
Hey not me
My friend.
Say it's a friend, but it's actually yourself
Of course you're in trouble
Godfather, you don't understand women?
That aunt is obviously disappointed in you.
Then what shall I do?
Of course it's an apology
Admit your mistake and coax her
But it's useless for me to apologize. How can I be stupid?
Say whatever he likes to hear
Come a few more times
Every time I steal ice cream and my mother finds me
Mom would spank me
I said I love her very much
She is beautiful.
More beautiful than the mothers of all the children in kindergarten
If you coax her more, she won't spank me
Then dad, I should go
If my mother finds out that I have secretly escaped from kindergarten
I'm dead
See you next time, wait, I'll send it to you.
The little devil runs so fast
Eating ice cream in the park and watching beautiful women
Mr. Ji, this is TAG Heuer
Did I offend you again?
If so, I apologize to you. No.
Even if there is, you don't need it.
Wait a minute.